# Our City Navigator
* Everyday a large number of people are coming to all the cities seeking job, higher studies, business, tourism, etc. Initially all the system of the city are unknown to the new comers of the city. They don’t know much about booking hotel, transportation, shopping, etc. But implementation of Smart City Java Project provides the complete solution package for new comers.

* The use of internet is rapidly growing in all cities around the globe. Nowadays, people prefer searching in internet to enquiring the locals of the city. The smart city web pages can be browsed from anywhere using internet service and all the details of the city can be accessed. One can see all the necessary information about city through this online application.

* Smart City Management is an online task or application for travel services. The principle objective of this undertaking is to make a quick, compelling and dependable web based working stage to foster a correspondence framework among clients and the office. After the execution of this venture, one doesn't have to visit the travel service office to design any visit.

* The total source code, data set and vital undertaking records of Smart City Management are accessible in the download joins. We as of now don't have project report and documentation; whenever found, these will be refreshed in the download joins. To assist you with understanding what's going on with the task, beneath is a concise prologue to the venture conceptual, highlights and framework particulars.

* With the economic construction of human cities entering the era of Internet of Things, people can better build cities, make better use of information resources, and put forward high requirements for smart city environmental design. However, there are serious problems in the construction of smart cities due to the problems of talents, technology, energy, and capital in urban construction. Therefore, in the era of Internet of Things, urban construction needs to take the Internet of Things as the foundation of intelligent construction and constantly form an optimized processing model of urban construction through intelligent excellent methods and the association of all things. 

* The population of four districts in the city is taken as the research object. The population density under 18 years old accounts for 25% of the whole city, the population density between 18 and 65 years old accounts for 41%, the population density over 65 years old accounts for 34%, and the population density over 18 years old accounts for about 80% of the population density in the East District and South District. The research results show that under the premise of population and infrastructure, adding medical and recreational resources can rationally allocate and optimize resources, thus improving the utilization rate of public resources.
